Terms of Service & Privacy Policy of Ouchs Eye
Effective & Posted date: November, 2025

By using this bot, these terms will automatically apply to you – you should make sure that you read them carefully before using the bot. You’re not allowed to copy the bot, any part of the bot, or our trademarks in any way, and you also shouldn’t try to translate the bot into other languages or make derivative versions. The bot itself, and all the trademarks, copyright, database rights, and other intellectual property rights related to it, still belong to nowthatsanouch.

nowthatsanouch is committed to ensuring that the bot is as useful and efficient as possible. For that reason, we reserve the right to make changes to the bot or to charge for its services at any time and for any reason. We may update the bot and add new features as needed.

A. Data Collection
What data do you store?

All information we store is Discord data that we are allowed to use, namely:

Guild IDs
Channel IDs
We will not ask for external information like your phone number, address, or anything sensitive. We do not and will never save information you did not provide, and we do not and will never share or sell your personal information unless required by law.

Where is my data stored?

All data is stored in a MySQL database.

When will the data be removed from the database?

Any data we store is required for a specific feature. As long as you want that feature, we need the data to provide the best performance. If the bot is removed from a server, all data related to that server will be deleted instantly.

Can I request deletion of the data that you have stored relating to me?

Yes, you can request the deletion of your data at any time in our support server.

B. Links to Other Sites
Our bot may contain links to other sites (e.g., Google, Discord, Imgur, GitHub). If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or actions of these sites or services.

C. No Abuse
As a user, you should not:

Attempt to exploit our services.
Violate Discord’s Terms of Service.
Use our assets without permission, including any videos provided on our YouTube channel.
D. Changes to these Terms of Service & Privacy Policy
We may update these Terms of Service & Privacy Policy from time to time. You are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Terms of Service & Privacy Policy on this page.

E. Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about these Terms of Service & Privacy Policy or the application, please contact us via DM: nowthatsanouch

This revision should align with your request. If there are any additional details or changes you'd like, let me know!
